cups.path                                                   enabled  disabled
bluetooth.service                                           enabled  disabled
cups.service                                                enabled  disabled
greetd.service                                              enabled  disabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service                           enabled  disabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service                          masked   disabled
NetworkManager.service                                      enabled  disabled
nvidia-hibernate.service                                    masked   disabled
nvidia-persistenced.service                                 masked   disabled
nvidia-resume.service                                       masked   disabled
nvidia-suspend.service                                      masked   disabled
systemd-backlight@backlight:nvidia_wmi_ec_backlight.service masked   disabled
systemd-boot-update.service                                 disabled enabled
systemd-confext.service                                     disabled enabled
systemd-homed-activate.service                              disabled enabled
systemd-homed.service                                       disabled enabled
systemd-network-generator.service                           disabled enabled
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service                        disabled enabled
systemd-networkd.service                                    disabled enabled
systemd-pstore.service                                      disabled enabled
systemd-sysext.service                                      disabled enabled
windscribe-helper.service                                   disabled enabled
zerotier-one.service                                        enabled  disabled
cups.socket                                                 enabled  disabled
systemd-journald-audit.socket                               disabled enabled
systemd-mountfsd.socket                                     disabled enabled
systemd-nsresourced.socket                                  disabled enabled
machines.target                                             disabled enabled
reboot.target                                               disabled enabled
remote-cryptsetup.target                                    disabled enabled
